Suggest constructive feedback section (#9)
ifilipe/review-guidelines: README.md

$ TODO: Add examples

### Constructiveness

> Constructive feedback should be encouraging, valuable, practical

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Constructive feedback should be encouraging, valuable, practical.
```

 
#### Why it is important?

> Regardless of the nature of the work in review (e.g: product feature, linux kernel) and context (startup, corp, open source community), if someone is looking for a review of work the odds are that someone is not working alone and the review is part of a collaboration effort. Depending on the incentives at stake and the people involved, it's not impossible a non-constructive review contribution will still produce results considered good for the involved parties. More often than not though, that won't be the case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regardless of the nature of the work in review (e.g: product feature, linux kernel) and context (startup, corp, open source community) if/when one is looking for a review of work odds are that person/group is not working in isolation and the review is part of a collaboration effort. Depending on the incentives at stake and the people involved, it's not impossible a non-constructive review contribution will still produce results considered good for the involved parties. More often than not though, that won't be the case.
```
